Today I was saddened to learn of the death of Ian Murdoch the founder of Debian Linux. It seems from the little research I have done on the internet that there are strange circumstances surrounding his death, but I respect his family and friends rights to privacy in such a difficult time.

This does however pose as a lesson for me and many people who would like to extract lessons from what we see in life that sometimes you think someone is so great or they have an amazing life while in reality they could be in pure agony. You could be envying someone right now thinking that they live an absolutely amazing life, unbeknownst top you that that person migh really feel better being in your shoes.

The collorally of this theory is also true, you might be living a life that everyone else envy's yet you are so stuck in your little bubble that you don't realize all the gifts and belessings that you have been given by almighty Allah. 


I really feel that it all comes down to this that we all must take a deper look at our lives and realise that every breath we take is a gift from Allah and that we must use our time here very wisely and never think that we have been deprived of something, because what we have been given is always so much more.


A final angle I would like to mention from personal experience is to never think that no matter how smart you are that you are far from mental illness. The brain like any bodily organ can just as easily become ill, just like the lung, liver or even a sore tooth. The idea is that we must all be watching over our brothers and sisters around us and make sure that we are able to support them.  Mental illness can happen to the greatest of us, or to the old or to the young or rich or poor. It is always good to have a supportive community of people around you who you can trust and who can be your support when things get too much as I am sure many of us have experienced before.

Even the great Muhammad Ali, the champion of the world was overwhelmed with illness, it is never a testament to how strong you arem, but rather how you handle the trials and your attitude is always what determines the outcome even in the most dire of circumstances.

May we all be support for one another and may we be support for those around us in need, as this is the greatest gift we can give and recieve.

Peace upon you all.
Mohamed
